Kafka/Produce API extension (#45)
codecrafters-io/build-your-own-kafka: stage_descriptions/producing-messages-07-ar4.md

We've created an interactive protocol inspector for the request & response structures for `Produce`:

- 🔎 [Produce Request (v12)](https://binspec.org/kafka-produce-request-v12)
- 🔎 [Produce Response (v12)](https://binspec.org/kafka-produce-response-v12)

You can refer to the following interactive protocol inspector for Kafka's log file format:
- 🔎 [A sample topic's log file](https://binspec.org/kafka-topic-log)

## Tests

The tester will execute your program like this:

```bash
./your_program.sh /tmp/server.properties
```

It'll then connect to your server on port 9092 and send a `Produce` (v12) request targeting multiple topics with their respective partitions. The request will contain data for multiple topics, spanning multiple partitions for each topic. 

The tester will validate that:

- The first 4 bytes of your response (the "message length") are valid.
- The correlation ID in the response header matches the correlation ID in the request header.
- The `throttle_time_ms` field in the response is `0`.

> - The `topics` field has `N` elements, one for each of the `N` topics in the request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `topics` field has one element for each of the topics in the request, and in each element:
```

Reviewer: (simpler way, avoids the N/M notation)

We've created an interactive protocol inspector for the request & response structures for `Produce`:

- 🔎 [Produce Request (v11)](https://binspec.org/kafka-produce-request-v11)
- 🔎 [Produce Response (v11)](https://binspec.org/kafka-produce-response-v11)

## Tests

The tester will execute your program like this:

```bash
./your_program.sh /tmp/server.properties
```

It'll then connect to your server on port 9092 and send a `Produce` (v11) request targeting multiple topics with their respective partitions. The request will contain data for multiple topics, and a single partition for each topic. 

The tester will validate that:

- The first 4 bytes of your response (the "message length") are valid.
- The correlation ID in the response header matches the correlation ID in the request header.
- The error code in the response body is `0` (NO_ERROR).

> - The `throttle_time_ms` field in the response is `0`.

Author: Thanks for pointing this out!
